welcome sunset motors my name is Frank
Gerard this is one sharp 2010 Toyota
Scion this is a release seventh edition
they only made 2,000 of them and this is
number 944
it's got one crazy color on it
I think it's cool-looking it's gone
Murasaki purple metallic the fancy name
but it's purple but it's sharp
this is one sharp ride it's been fully
customized got 20 inch chrome wheels get
good tires on it tinted windows let's
get the nice ground effect body kit on
it at HID headlights
he's a very roomy comfortable safe great
fuel mileage up to 30 miles per gallon
highway
he's got keyless entry power windows
locks and mirrors as the badge on 44 mm
it's getting insane sound system I'll
show you in a minute it's got nice cloth
seats they're clean no issues get the
side airbags get the RS low going and
see clean floor mats and carpets
at 18,000 - and 88 miles go miles easy
to read display get you wipe the control
cruise control light control and that's
cold air see it's got the AutoStick
transmission you can bump it up and down
get cupholders nice clean passenger seat
also the whole vehicle is like new very
clean and there's the sound system it's
got a JVC head it's crazy I hope you
like the song so some of you want four
just to demonstrate the sound system
and here clip plenty here I'm gonna have
a cranked up that's just barely up this
is where it's all happening it's custom
sound box 12-inch RT subs
SC series professionally done I mean the
box is just very nice custom fit it's
got three 1000 custom tune amps you have
to be here to fail it and steer it but
there it is
they're using zero gauge wire
a nice chrome wheels
being a lot of cars and good sound
system offered it's real crisp some
clear and I turn it down so we can keep
doing the video
you only here for yourself just come on
down you won't be disappointed
it's a nice fuel efficient 4 cylinder
sixteen bow you can see everything's
nice and clean
get the HID headlights ballast
very
sound system
pretty cool vehicle
you're looking for one shot ride an
affordable price and you don't want to
spend the thousands of dollars it takes
to make one of these this is the
opportunity we have very competitive
financing available and worldwide
shipping is also available to see if the
Scion still for sale go to my website
sunset marlin calm it's on the websites
for sale if not is sold
you got any questions I need a shipping
quote just give me any call any town
toll-free is eight seven seven two six
five
one six seven nine
thank you for watching